More search parameters. README and docstrings update. (#3)
vaartis/auth-source-kwallet: README.org

   If you are using [[https://github.com/jwiegley/use-package][use-package]], you may install the package using with the following code:

   #+BEGIN_SRC elisp
     (use-package auth-source-kwallet
       :config
       (auth-source-kwallet-enable))
   #+END_SRC

   To enable the auth source, use ~(auth-source-kwallet-enable)~, like in the example above with use-package.

** Using auth-source-search
After loading the library, enabling it, and configuring, ~auth-source-search~ can be used to query kwallet.

To query the secret of "ada@example.com" using the default wallet and folder:

#+begin_src elisp
  (auth-source-search :user "ada" :host "example.com" :type 'kwallet)
#+end_src

Also, user and hostname can be expressed as a label:

#+begin_src elisp
  (auth-source-search :label "ada@example.com" :type 'kwallet)
#+end_src

To use a different wallet and folder than the default one:

#+begin_src elisp
  (auth-source-search :user "ada" :host "example.com"
                      :folder "OtherHosts"
                      :wallet "kdewallet2"
                      :type 'kwallet)
#+end_src

> Kwallet stores secrets from different applications, and sometimes they do not use username and hostname to search for it. Use ~:label~ in this cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kwallet stores secrets from different applications, and sometimes they do not use username and hostname to search for it. Use ~:label~ in these cases:
```

#+begin_src elisp
  (auth-source-search :label "search-key-name" :type 'kwallet)
#+end_src

For example, a LUKS disk password can be searched by changing the folder:

#+begin_src elisp
  (auth-source-search :label "f1bc3d13-7e64-4bcf-8abe-5f155f68e752"
                      :folder "SolidLuks"
                      :type 'kwallet)
#+end_src

> Also, Network Managent secrets can be stored on kwallet and retrieved with auth-source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example would be retrieving Network Managent secrets:
```

#+begin_src elisp
  (auth-source-search :label "{0aeca2dd-549f-4095-9001-96dd52d50813};802-11-wireless-security"
                      :folder "Network Management"
                      :type 'kwallet)
#+end_src

> Listing all folders in a wallet can be done by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listing all folders in a wallet can be done with the `:list` parameter:
```

#+begin_src elisp
  (auth-source-search :list t :folder "" :wallet "kdewallet" :type 'kwallet)
#+end_src

> And to list labels (and/or user and hostnames in a specific folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And to list all labels and/or users and hostnames in a specific folder:
```
